Hello MATH 2552 students,

A few logistical details regarding midterm 1. 

Release Date/Time

Thank you everyone who participated in the midterm logistics survey! Most students were ok with taking the exams from 9:30 am to 12:30 pm. If you weren't, you are taking an alternate version of the exams from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. I will send an email to you in the next few minutes to let you know which time you were assigned to, please reply to that email if you have any questions. 

Accessing the Exam

I will send you the exam via a canvas announcement. But I think you can also access the exam under the People tab in Canvas if for some reason you can't find the announcement. 

Formatting and Timing

You should only need 75 min to take the exam, but students will have 3 hours to submit the exam, from the time that it is released.

You do not need to print the exam. As long as you solve problems in the order they are given (just like the written homework sets), you can write your answers on your own paper. But students can print the exam and write their answers on the printed copy if they prefer. 
        
Show your work and justify your answers for all questions unless stated otherwise.
        
Please write neatly, and use dark and clear writing so that the scan is easy to read. 
        
Please write your name or initials at the top of every page 
        
Please solve the questions in the exam in the order they are given. 
        
Submitting Your Work

Students should scan their work and submit it through Gradescope. There should be an assignment in Gradescope for this exam. The process for submitting your work will be similar to what you have used for homework. 
        
Please upload your work as a single PDF file. If this is not possible you can email your work to your instructor. 
        
During the upload process in Gradescope, please indicate which page of your work corresponds to each question in the exam. 

Questions During exam
        
If there are questions during the exam, students can email their instructor or message them through Canvas. 
        
Our course Piazza forum will be temporarily inactive for 24 hrs on the day of the exam. 
        
If you run into any technical issues or any unanticipated emergencies, please email your instructor as soon as you can. 
    
        
Integrity

Students can use any resources while taking these tests including online calculators and Mathematica

Students cannot communicate with anyone during these tests including using Reddit or online message boards 

Students cannot use solutions provided from another student or third party. 
In other words: do your own work but you can use technology to solve problems. 
 

